#816 Docs : Audited Docs for `Copy` command (#1140)
DiceDB/dice: docs/src/content/docs/commands/COPY.md

The `COPY` command can raise the following errors:

> 1. `WRONGTYPE Operation against a key holding the wrong kind of value`: 
>     - This error occurs if the source key holds a value that is not compatible with the `COPY` operation.
> 2.  `ERR no such key`: 
>     - This error occurs if the source key does not exist.
> 3. `ERR target key name is busy`: 
>     - This error occurs if the destination key already exists and the `REPLACE` option is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Wrong type of value or key`:
    - Error message `(error) WRONGTYPE Operation against a key holding the wrong kind of value`:
    - This error occurs if the source key holds a value that is not compatible with the `COPY` operation.
2.  `Not existent key`:
    -  Error message: `(error) ERR no such key` 
    - This error occurs if the source key does not exist.
```
